A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A snail can sleep for three years.
All polar bears are left handed.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years of age.
Butterflies taste with their feet
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about 10.
Cat's urine glows under a black light. (So does Ringworm)
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear any pants.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Marilyn Monroe had six toes on one of her feet.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930's lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do.
Shakespeare invented the word 'assassination' and 'bump'.
Starfish haven't got brains.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth 2, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The name of all the continents ends with the same letter that they started with.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times its own weight and always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
A cockroach will live nine days without it's head, before it starves to death.
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes.
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
A cockroach can live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
A polar bear's skin is black. Its fur is not white, but actually clear.
Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world?
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The sentence: 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog', uses every letter of the alphabet.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
Tarantula spiders can survive 2 and a half years without food.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.