I like cats too. Let's exchange recipes. 
I was happier than a kitten with a Q-tip. 
He was deader than a shrunken head at a Hackey Sack festival. 
I was busier than a beaver in a coffee lake. 
I was more nervous than a ceiling fan storeowner with a comb-over. 
Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you. 
If you think there is good in everybody then you obviously haven't met everybody. 
If you can't convince them, confuse them. 
All power corrupts. Absolute power is pretty neat, though. 
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down. 
Here I am! What are your other two wishes? 
A hangover is the wrath of grapes. 
Confession is good for the soul but bad for your career. 
Gargling is a good way to see if your throat leaks. 
Gun Control: Use both hands. 
Remember: First you pillage then you burn. 
To err is human. To forgive is against company policy. 
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success. 
Xerox and Wurlitzer will merge to market reproductive organs. 
Half the people in the world are below average. 
Failure is not an option. It's bundled with your software. 
Arkansas State Motto: Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Don't Laugh 
You chatter more than a dolphin by a fish bucket. 
Save the whales: collect the whole set . 
I just got lost in thought, and it was unfamiliar territory. 
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. 
You have the right to remain silent, anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you. 
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how popular it remains? 
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. 
The problem with sex in the movies is the popcorn usually spills. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm. 
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol. 
Time is a great healer, but a terrible beautician. 
I intend to live forever - so far so good. 
Capital punishment isn't for making examples, it's for making bad people dead. 
My mind is like a steel trap - rusty and illegal in 37 states. 
Quantum mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of. 
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes. 
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have. 
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way. 
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. 
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism. 
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with. 
No one is listening until you make a mistake. 
Success always occurs in private and failure in full view. 
The colder the x-ray table the more of your body is required on it. 
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread. 
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles. 
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life. 
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive. 
Two wrongs are only the beginning. 
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. 
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up. 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 
Can a blind person feel blue? 
Change is inevitable except from vending machines. 
Plan to be spontaneous - tomorrow. 
Always try to be modest and be proud of it! 
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments. 
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener. 
If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed? 
Man cannot live by bread alone, unless he's locked in a cage and that's all you feed him. 
When someone asks you, "A penny for your thoughts," and you put your two cents in, what happens to the other penny? 
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say? 
"I am." is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that "I Do" is the longest sentence? 
Imitation is not the sincerest form of flattery. Stalking is. 
If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians can be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked and drycleaners depressed? 
Can vegetarians eat animal crackers? 
If man evolved from apes why do we still have apes? 
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose. 
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims? 
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries. 
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap? 
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms. 
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him, is he still wrong? 
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
Is there another word for synonym? 
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"? 
Where do forest rangers go to get away from it all? 
What should you do if you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant? 
If mummies are from egypt,then from where are daddies from?
If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?
How can the cemetry raise it's burial costs and blame it on the price of living?
Why do they leave out the letter b on "Garage Sale" signs?
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
Adam and Eve were the first people on earth............Did they have belly buttons?
Are unripened oranges called greens?
Can it be a mistake that "desserts" gives "stressed" spelled backwards?
Could your eyes be called an academy, because there are pupils there?
Crime doesn't pay. . .does that mean that my job is a crime?
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
Do fish get thirsty?
Do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How could I have been doing 70 miles an hour when I've only been driving for 10 minutes?
How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?
How is it that a building burns up as it burns down?
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If a man with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, would it be considered a hostage situation?
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover, is he lucky?
If a turtle does not have a shell on, is he homeless or naked?
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
If beef comes from a cow and ham from a pig, why do they put beef in hamburgers?
If corn oil comes from corn....where does baby oil come from?
If crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight?
If nothing sticks to Teflon how do they stick Teflon to the pan?
If people from Poland are called Poles, why aren't people from Holland called Holes?
If stores claim to be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, why do they have locks on the doors?
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
If the cops arrest a mime do they tell him that he has the right to remain silent?
If there's so much laborsaving machinery, why don't I have more free time?
If the universe is expanding, why can't I find a parking space?
If the world is spinning so quickly why don't we all get dizzy?
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If you learn from your mistakes, then why ain't I a genius?
If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
If you're only as old as you feel, how come I can't retire yet?
Is it OK to use the AM radio after noon?
Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges?
I wonder why you can always read a doctor's bill and never his prescription?
The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?" I said, "I don't know. You can't see out the other way."
What do you do when you discover an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?
What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free?
What sees a blind man when he's dreaming?
Who puts the thin ice sign in the middle of the thin ice?
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
Why are they called apartments when they are together?
Why call it a building if it's already been built?
Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing?
Why do Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
Why do men have nipples?
Why do people point at their wrists when they ask what time it is? I know where my watch is! Do I point at my crotch when I ask where the bathroom is?
Why do they call it research, when looking for something new?
Why do tourists go to the tops of tall buildings and then put money into telescopes so they can see things on the ground close-up?
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips?
Why is it new and improved? If it's new how can it be an improvement of something and if it's improved how can it be something new?
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?
Why is it that you sit in front of your TV and behind your computer?
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring, while dishwasher soap is made with real lemons?
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?
Why isn't there mouse flavoured cat food?
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Always try to be modest and be proud of it!
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks
Borrow money from a pessimist, they don't expect it back.
Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
Double your drive space. Delete Windows!
Duct tape is like the force, it has a light side and a dark side and it holds the universe together.
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
Friends may come and go, but enemies tend to accumulate.
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise my hand.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
Very funny Scotty, now beam down my clothes.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Why do they call it a TV set when you only have one?
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
Why is it call "after dark" when it really is "after light"?
If a word is misspelled in the dictionary, how would we ever know?
Remember, half the people you know are below average.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how popular it remains?
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
I intend to live forever-so far so good.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
The colder the x-ray table the more of your body is required on it.
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe, and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint on it, and he'll have to touch to be sure.
Even if you've been fishing for 3 hours and haven't gotten anything except poison ivy and a sunburn, you're still better off than the worm.
If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?
Since Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw hamburgers?
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
If you got into a taxi and the driver started driving backward, would the taxi driver end up owing you money?
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
Why is a carrot more orange than an orange?
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
War doesn't determine who's right, just who's left.
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Two wrongs don't make a right but three lefts do.
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
There are two rules for ultimate success in life: Never tell everything you know.
One good thing about being wrong is the joy it brings others.
To err is human, to blame it on someone else is more human.
When you are arguing with an idiot, make sure the other person isn't doing the same thing.
Don't confuse me with facts, I prefer to remain ignorant.
Humans are like tea bags. They never realize their strength until they are put in hot water.
We live in a society where pizza get to your house before the police.
7/5th of all people do not understand fractions.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It is better to have bad breath than to have no breath at all.
A tree never hits an automobile except in self defense.
Fish, to taste right, must swim three times - in water, in butter, and in wine.
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
Visits always give pleasure - if not the arrival, the departure.
A nickel will get you on the subway, but garlic will get you a seat.
When the boss is a way, work becomes a holiday.
A good lawyer is a bad neighbor.
It is well to remember that there are five reasons for drinking: the arrival of a friend, one's present or future thirst, the excellence of the wine, or any other reason.
It is impossible to overdo luxury.
You have to kiss a lot of toads before you find a handsome prince.
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
