Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
It's your attitude and not your aptitude that determines your altitude.
A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks.
Failure is the path of least persistence.
The pursuit of happiness is the chase of a life time.
The future is purchased by the present.
One thing you can't recycle is wasted time.
Lost time is never found again.
Children need more models than critics.
If you want your dream to come true, don't over sleep.
People don't fail, they give up.
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
The more you know, the more you know you don't know.
You can't direct the wind, but you can adjust the sail.
Sometimes the best way to figure out who you are is to get to that place where you don't have to be anything else.
If you are never scared, embarrassed of hurt, it means you never take chances.
Desire for nothing except desirelessness, hope for nothing except to rise above all hopes, want nothing and you will have everything.
When you remain true to your beliefs, loyal to your ideas and faithful to your dreams, you remain free forever.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Blowing out another man's flame doesn't make yours shine any brighter, but less.
The secret of true greatness is simplicity.
Better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved: loved for ourselves, or reather, loved in spite of ourselves.
An Educational system isn;t worth a great deal if it teaches young people how to make a living but doesn't teach them how to make a life.
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated.
To find the person you can truely trust, look no futher than the nearest mirror.
Some succeed because they are destined to. But most suceed because they are determined to.
To those who dream, there is no such thing as impossible.
It is a beggar's pride that he is not a thief.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork.
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children.
Better to be poor and honest than to be dishonest and a fool.
If you want to be respected, you must respect yourself.
Complain to one who can help you.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
One joy shatters a hundred griefs.
The dream of a cat is filled with mice.
Even a crow finds its own child precious.
The worth of shade is only known when the sun is beating down hot.
The wounds of fire would have gone with the time but not the wounds caused by words.
One minute of patience, ten years of peace.
Great anger is more destructive than the sword.
At high tide the fish eat ants; at low tide the ants eat fish.
In every woman there is a Queen. Speak to the Queen and the Queen will answer.
Envy shoots at others and wounds itself.
If you are standing upright, don't worry if your shadow is crooked.
The reputation of a man is like his shadow: it sometimes follows and sometimes precedes him, it is sometimes longer and sometimes shorter than his natural size.
If speaking is silver, then listening is gold.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through.
The busy man is troubled with but one devil; the idle man by a thousand.
The greatest conqueror is he who overcomes the enemy without a blow.
If you plan for a year, plant rice. If you plan for ten years, plant trees. If you plan for 100 years, educate your children.
If we cannot do what we will, we must will what we can.
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
The noblest vengeance is to forgive.
Do not look where you fell but where you slipped.
Wood already touched by fire is not hard to set alight.
He who prizes little things is worthy of great ones.
A dog in desperation will leap over a wall.
Who lies for you will lie against you.
The one who understands does not speak; the one who speaks does not understand.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
One never needs their humor as much as when they argue with a fool.
Justifying a fault doubles it.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
He that knows nothing, doubts nothing.
He who asks questions, cannot avoid the answers.
Those who can't dance say the music is no good.
He who is unable to dance says that the yard is stony.
In a fiddler's house all are dancers.
Friendship doubles our joy and divides our grief.
Compare your griefs with other men's and they will seem less.
Youth lives on hope, old age on remembrance.
He who wants to warm himself in old age must build a fireplace in his youth.
Experience is not always the kindest of teachers, but it is surely the best.A thorn can only be removed with another thorn.
Make a wrong doer feel shy, by doing him a favour.
Even in hunger, Tigers do not eat grass.
Known is a drop, unknown is an Ocean.
Defeat the Defeat before the Defeat Defeat's you.
Pride is the mask we make of our faults.
A man who prides himself on his ancestry is like the potato plant, the best part of which is underground.
If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart.
When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart.
What soap is to the body, laughter is to the soul.
Worthless people blame their karma.
If you do not sow in the spring you will not reap in the autumn.
Opportunity comes but does not linger.
A civilization flourishes when people plant trees under which they will never sit.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
He who sacrifices his conscience to ambition burns a picture to obtain the ashes.
Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back.
Judge a man by the reputation of his enemies.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
A life without love is like a year without summer.
Evil thoughts often come from idleness.
If you share your friend's crime, you make it your own.
Under capitalism man exploits man; under socialism the reverse is true.
Love is blind. That is why he always proceeds by the sense of touch.
There is only one pretty child in the world and everymother has it.
Worrying never did anyone any good.
That the birds of worry and care fly over you head, this you cannot change, but that they build nests in your hair, this you can prevent
Action is worry's worst enemy.
One step at a time is good walking.
It is better to laugh about your problems than to cry about them.
Poverty won't allow him to lift up his head;dignity won't allow him to bow it down.
A fool may be known by six things: anger, without cause; speech, without profit; change, without progress; inquiry, without object; putting trust in a stranger, and mistaking foes for friends.
Don’t approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side.
To try and to fail, is not laziness.
When a door opens not to your knock, consider your reputation.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Clear conscience never fears midnight knocking.
Even the best writer has to erase.
Necessity teaches all things.
A clever person turns great troubles into little ones and little ones into none at all.
Spring has come when you can put your foot on three daisies
Charity sees the need not the cause.
Old people see best in the distance.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Firelight will not let you read fine stories but it's warm and you won't see the dust on the floor.
A truly great man never puts away the simplicity of a child.
When a secret is revealed, it is the fault of the man who confided it.
A secret is like a dove: when it leaves my hand it takes wing.
Thorns and roses grow on the same tree.
Instead of complaining that the rosebush is full of thorns, be happy that the thorn bush has roses.
The world is a rose, smell it and pass it to your friends.
Deeds are fruits, words are leaves.
A word and a stone let go cannot be recalled.
A gentle word opens an iron gate.
Words spoken, you are a slave to; those not said, you are the master of.
Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence.
Those who wish to sing always find a song.
Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps a singing bird will come.
Three helping one another will do as much as six men singly.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Advising is easier than helping.
The heart that loves is always young.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
The house of danger is built upon the borders of safety.
Every madman thinks all other men mad.
Money grows on the tree of patience.
Those who get lost on the way to school will never find their way through life.
The guilty catch themselves.
If a man fools me once, shame on him. If he fools me twice, shame on me.
Better to dig one deep well than 10 shallow ones.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
The best soldiers are not warlike.
Don't waste good iron for nails or good men for soldiers.
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves.
Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies.
Hunger is the best sauce.
The old forget, the young don't know.
Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
Every end is a new beginning.
Good habits result from resisting temptation
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
If you live in the river you should make friends with the crocodile.
Beware of silent dogs and still waters.
The frog does not drink up the pond in which he lives.
You can only go halfway into the darkest forest; then you are coming out the other side.
There are two things over which you have complete dominion, authority and control; your mind and your mouth.
A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood.
Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water.
A poor person is often worthy.
Only he who knows his own weaknesses can endure those of others.
There is no greater misfortune, than to not be able to endure misfortune.
To endure what is unendurable is true endurance.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
Don't fall before you're pushed.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Don't think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
Use your enemy's hand to catch a snake.
A merry heart does good like medicine.
He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
Sometimes, simply by sitting, the soul collects wisdom.
Opportunity only knocks once.
He who has nothing to die for has nothing to live for.
There is nothing that cannot be achieved by firm imagination.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance.
When the music changes, so does the dance.
Honesty is like an icicle; if once it melts that is the end of it.
A hero is a man who is afraid to run away.
Where there is no difficulty there is no praise.
It is the greatest possible praise to be praised by a man who is himself deserving of praise.
He who fears something gives it power over him.
The pain is sometimes preferable to the treatment.
Wealth is both an enemy and a friend.
If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
He who conquers his anger has conquered an enemy.
A good beginning makes a good end.
The beginning is the half of every action.
One meets his destiny often in the road he takes to avoid it.
A greedy father has thieves for children.
To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time, but we must keep on stepping
When you have completed 95 percent of your journey, you are only halfway there.
To regret the past is to forfeit the future.
By learning you will teach, by teaching you will learn.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
He who is judge between two friends loses one of them.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
Count your nights by stars, not shadows; count your life with smiles, not tears.
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows the public opinion.
He who suffers much will know much.
Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.
Before preparing to improve the world, first look around your own home three times.
When we have nothing to worry about we are not doing much, and not doing much supplies us with plenty of future worries.
Tell your friend a lie. If he keeps it secret, then tell him the truth.
When you fall into a pit, you either die or get out.
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one.
What is sport to the cat is death to the mouse.