If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. (Zig Zigler)
All that we see or seem, is but a dream within a dream. (Edgar Allen Poe)
Imagination is more important than intelligence.(Albert Einstein)
Never let formal education get in the way of learning. (Mark Twain)
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. (Henry David Thoreau)
Take nothing but pictures. Leave nothing but footprints. Kill nothing but time. (Motto o fthe Baltimore Grotto)
Be curious, not judgemental. (Walt Whitman)
Brain cells create ideas. Stress kills brain cells. Stress is not a good idea. (Richard Saunders)
Every man dies; but not every man really lives. (Braveheart)
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. (St. Francis of Assisi)
The lead dog gets the best view. the rest of the dog's view is butt ugly. Of course, the lead dog is also the first to fall into a ravine. (Richard Saunders)
There are days when it takes all you've got just to keep up with the losers. (Robert Orben)
Give us clear vision that we may know where to stand and what to stand for, because unless we stand for something, we shall fall for anything. (Peter Marshall)
Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream. (William Shakespear)
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Keep away from people who try to bellittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you too, can become great. (Mark Twain)
Whoever said, it's not wheter you win or lose that counts, probably lost. (Davet Rayala)
A bump in the road is either an obstacle to be fought or an opportunity to be enjoyed...it is all up to you." (Davet Rayala)
Nothing in this world is impossibile to a willin heart.(Davet Rayala)
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. (Albert Einstein)
You will find God in the church of your choice. (Bob Dylan)
It is one of the beautiful compensations of this life that no one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. (Charles Dudley)
Peace is its own reward. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game. (Voltaire)
One of the most dangerous forms of human error is forgetting what one is trying to achieve. (Paul Nitze)
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. (Abraham Lincoln)
Those who seek power are not worthy of that power. (Plato)
When you see a worthy person, endeavor to emulate him. When you see an unworthy person, then examine your inner self. (Confucius)
We cannot do great things on this Earth, only small things with great love. (Mother Teresa)
Only a life lived for others is worth living. (Albert Einstein)
Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. (Oscar Wilde)
The Supreme Reality of Our Time is...the Vulnerability of our Planet (John F. Kennedy)
Man talks of a battle with Nature, forgetting that if he won the battle, he would find himself on the losing side. (E. F. Schumacher)
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. (Bill Gates)
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. (Zig Ziglar)
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. (Isaac Newton)
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them. (Galileo Galilei)
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. (Leonardo da Vinci)
Nothing exists for itself alone, but only in relation to other forms of life. (Charles Darwin)
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. (Napoleon Bonaparte)
He who's not busy being born is busy dying. (Bob Dylan)
When small men begin to cast big shadows, it means that the sun is about to set. (Lyn Yutang)
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of their way and let them have it. (Dwight David Eisenhower)
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. (Mother Teresa)
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. (Confucius)
Learn as if you were going to live forever. Live as if you were going to die tomorrow. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. (Michael Jordan)
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. (Kareem Abdul-Jabbar)
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. (Buddha)
Only the dead have seen the end of war. (Plato)